My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
My music isn’t just music — it’s medicine.
I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
I know I got angels watching me from the other side.
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka... and welcome to my chocolate factory.
I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in.
I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun. 
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed.
I'm pretty calculating. I take stuff that I know appeals to people's bad sides and match it up with stuff that appeals to their good sides.
I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
Man, I'm the No. 1 living and breathing rock star. I am Axl Rose; I am Jim Morrison; I am Jimi Hendrix.
Know your worth! People always act like they're doing more for you than you're doing for them.
I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books.
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time.
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I still think I am the greatest.
I will go down as the voice of this generation, of this decade, I will be the loudest voice.
You don't have to be scared of me, because I am loyal. Why are people so scared of creative ideas and so scared of truth? All I want to do is do good.
Nobody can tell me where I can and can't go.
Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans.
I ain't here to argue about his facial features. Or here to convert atheists into believers. I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers the way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way yall need Jesus.
I didn't want to play it boring and safe. I also didn't want to innovate too much. Second albums, man, they're even scarier than first ones.
Why, if someone is good in one field can they not be accepted or given the slightest opportunity to express and be creative in other fields?
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid.
People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? 'Cause think of all the people you will please if you try.
The concept of commercialism in the fashion and art world is looked down upon. You know, just to think, 'What amount of creativity does it take to make something that masses of people like?' And, 'How does creativity apply across the board?'
Our work is never over.
I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.'
This dark diction has become America's addiction.
My message isn't perfectly defined. I have, as a human being, fallen to peer pressure.
It was a strike against me that I didn't wear baggy jeans and jerseys and that I never hustled, never sold drugs.
Thirty-three-years-old, still creating art. It's rage, it's creativity, it's pain, it's hurt, but it's the opportunity to still have my voice get out there through music.
I am not a fan of books.
Fashion breaks my heart.
If I was just a fan of music, I would think that I was the number one artist in the world.
Michael Jordan changed so much in basketball, he took his power to make a difference. It's so much going on in music right now and somebody has to make a difference.
I would hear stories about Steve Jobs and feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he wanted to do, but I'm sure even a Steve Jobs has compromised. Even a Rick Owens has compromised. You know, even a Kanye West has compromised. Sometimes you don't even know when you're being compromised till after the fact, and that's what you regret.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
In Paris, you're as far as possible from the land of pleasant smiles.
Creative output, you know, is just pain. I'm going to be cliche for a minute and say that great art comes from pain.
I can always tell if a band has a British rhythm section due to the gritty production.
I really appreciate the moments that I was able to win rap album of the year or whatever.